All right let's do this let's do the alternative way of playing an action this time not randomly but
by inference meaning that we'll get the action from our brain and more precisely from the novel we got
here from the brain.
And so the else here is where we left off and corresponds to the situation where the random number extracted
is above Epsilon that is 0.3 and therefore the.
Else here as we explained in the Preuss tutorial will happen 70 percent of the time which means that
70 percent of the time we'll play the next action by inference.
All right so let's do this.
It's going to be actually really really easy thanks of course to everything we've made before.
And he of course thinks it's a brain class we made because Indie's right now we want to return an action
by inference meaning that we want to return the prediction of this new network that we built here and
luckily we build this model here with Claris right because the model is an object of the model class
and this model class is a class defined in the Cara's API.
And this class has a method which is to predict method.
So good news.
The only thing that we have to do right now is go to predict method from the model to get the prediction.
And remember very important the prediction of the moral returned by this predict method is not the action
directly but the q values for each of the five actions.
So we'll get five key values one for the action of index 0 1 for the action of the next one then 2 3
and 4 and then what we'll do as I explained in the book or as I probably said before we are going to
select the action that has the maximum Q value.
And this method is called the ARG Max method.
So just a few words on why we choose to apply RMX method as opposed to the soft next method.
Well that's because we're dealing with a business problem and a business problem is not as complex as
the other specific problems you can encounter when doing the enforcement and in which are for example
playing chess playing Go playing chorusing or playing some games like breakout or doom for them for
these games you will need to do some more exploration and the soft Max method actually allows to do
some more exploration here.
That's not really necessary and you will see that the RMX method will work perfectly well and that's
why we're going to go for it.
All right.
So we have all the elements we need and therefore let's run that inference at that specific time step
and to do this the first thing we're going to do is introduce a new variable which are going to be our
cube values returned at specific times that by tomorrow.
And speaking of the model that's exactly what we need right now.
So I'm going to get the model that we created here by extracting it from our brain because remember
this model here is a variable of the brain class that is of our brain object.
Indeed that's this variable here which we compiled with an atom optimizer and an embassy loss.
And so I'm going to get this model.
And again since this model is actually an object of the model class and since the middle class has a
predefined and pre-build predict method you know all built in the Cara's API.
Well we can directly take this pretty method and this method will exactly give us what we need.
That is argue values but of course now in order to get these values we need to put the right state which
is of course right now at this stage the current state.
Then you will see we will update the current state but right now at this stage of the implementation
we are dealing with the current state that was initialized here.
So I'm copying this pasting in inside.
And that gives us the core values that are.
I predict when we are in this specific current state.
Perfect.
And so now that we have the q values Well we can get the action you know which is this time of course
is going to be one action and that as we said is going to be the action that has the maximum of these
key values predicted by our model.
And so to get the maximum of these values Well we're going to use none by because indeed Nampa has the
Oregon max function which will give us exactly what we need.
That is the action that corresponds to the maximum of these values.
And therefore here in the Argin Max method I just have to enter the queue values.
However Duvalier's has a specific structure.
It's actually an array of several columns instead of you know being a single can contain five key values
and five rows.
No it's actually an array but the queue values are in the first column at that rate and therefore to
get why only 1 which are the q values Well I'm going to get the first index of this array that is zero.
So that gives me the first column of that array which contains all the q values.
Perfect.
So now we have the action.
And so.
Well now we're going to do exactly the same as what we did here you know to get the energy spent by
the AI on the server because indeed once we get the action well the only thing that we need to do is
get the direction which we're going to get with the exact same method here.
And then thanks to the direction we can compute the energy spent by the AI with this exact same formula.
So what I only need to do here is just copy this here we go and paste it right here and there we go.
The inference is done all in efficiency.
Perfect So now we can really move onto the next step because we have our action and we have our direction
of temperature change.
And also we had energy spent.
So basically we have everything we need to update the environment because indeed the update on method
requires exactly what we just computed which are the direction and the energy spent by the AI and also
the month.
But we already got that before.
So we can move on to the next step confidently and we'll do that in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy AI.